Genereal notes here for the project. Decisions made, things todo

The roys sitemap is probably a better place to visit in order to get to the prematch urls. 

Will be difficult to get the fan views as individuals, rather than a big blob prior to a given match. This may have an 
impact on sentiment analysis. 

Only looking at one team for 9 years, so only getting roughly 5000 comments, may not be enough




Future developments:
- Scrape from s24su to get the pre match sentiment from sufc fans. 
- Obvious issue for Roy's view: it is a cultivated list, it isn't necessarily representative of the general concensus.
- Get post match comments and see if that is useful (does pre-match sentiment indicate post-match? 
Could we get a measure of how pessimistic the fanbase is?)
- 


Comment scraping notes: 
Collecting URL for validation, team name and published date to match with the actual game, and comment. 
Could arguably not capture url but for now it is the safest bet. 
- Could store a comment per data entry or nest the comments on a per page basis. For now I'll go with 
one comment per data entry and we'll see if that bites us later. 
The number of pre-match comments is 9155, from 486 matches. 


FBref scraping notes:
Issues with rate limiting (429 responses). Potential solution is specify the agent. 

Successfully scrapping match urls, getting 531 matches. 

Match scrapping:
- Current plan is to amalgamate all the match stats? Or just collect Sheffiled united fouls, tackles, penalties?
I think just collect Sheffield united tackles fouls cards and penalties given. 

Note that these stats don't seem to exist for league one games. So should we ignore those or should 
we treat them seperately? 


https://www.sports-reference.com/bot-traffic.html 
There is a rate limit of no more than ten requests a minute, which means that the delay should be at least 
six seconds. 




Sentiment analysis:
Many different ways to go about this. Fortunately, as we're working with a relatively small data set, we 
can use a more expensive analysis. We'll be trying a transformer based analysis initially. 
One main decision with the analysis is whether we try and check for specific emotions (angry, excited...) or 
for a more clear cut positive/negative analysis. I'm going with the latter for now but it could be interesting 
to see what effects modifications would have. 

Basic sentiment analysis complete. 

--- UPDATE 14th April
Think I have the data aligned now, but there is an issue in how the match stats are being scraped. 
For some reason (possibly an issue with home or away games) not pulling all the data. Also, should update the scrape to include data on 
who won the game. 

--- 
Updated the way we pull match stats. Now got goals as well as who won and opposition data. 
Need to test it and re-scrape from all matches which will be an overnight job. 

^^ Finished the re-scraping and initial testing seems good. 
One thing to note, the table scraped doesn't seem to match entirely the one presented on 
the website, I must be messing up the html slightly. But it doesn't matter. The key difference 
is that I'm pulling the tackles won stat, and not the overall tackles stat. 

-----

Next step is linking the match stats and the comments!




---- 
We've made aligned the comments and matches on a per comment basis. However, I think 
the prediction will be best when we aggregate on matches as we want to be making match predictions. 
I think the best way to do this will be to work from the aligned data.
Why? -> Because we don't have comments for every match (especially earlier matches) and so in this way we are 
only capturing those matches which have comments.

So now we want to get the data grouped by match, and we want to get some aggregate features. 
E.g. Overall sentiment

Looks like this has been succesfull. I've checked the first and last set of comments and they seem to have lined up correctly.
I haven't given a thorough check to see that comments haven't gone with the wrong match, but I trust the grouping. 

